# C++

### Summary of the project and what problem it was solving.
This project analyzes a sample text file of produce items sold on a given day to determine the frequency of each item sold. The program opens the CS210_Project_Three_Input_File.txt file, reads each item in the file, assigns each item to a vector of produce items as well as a key to a map with the frequency as the element, then closes the file. Before closing the file, the program write the produce item with associated frequency for each item to frequency.dat file for back up purposes. Finally, the program allows users to enter 1, 2, 3, or 4 in order to: search for a produce item to return the associated frequency; print the entire list of produce items along with the associated frequencies of each item; print a histogram of produce items with the frequencies; or exit the program, respectively.

### What did I do particularly well?
I believe that the histogram generated by my program is visually appealing. I went beyond the requirements of the project by sorting the produce item list, so that it is easier for the user to find the item at a quick glance. The user can easily identify the frequency of each produce item, as well as compare the frequencies of different items. 

### Where could I enhance my code? How would these improvements make my code more efficient, secure, and so on?
My code could be enhanced by breaking out each menu option function as its own object in lieu of all within the mainMenu function. This would make the program more readable and modular.

### Which pieces of the code did I find most challenging to write, and how did I overcome this? What tools or resources am I adding to my support network?
The most challenging part of the code was reading the input file and assigning each unique produce item to the vector list and map. This was partly due to the fact that I have not used mapping before, but I overcame this by reviewing the textbook and practicing writing the code.

### What skills from this project will be particularly transferable to other projects or course work?
I believe that opening, reading, and closing files will be the most useful skills that will be transferable to other projects. Being able to open and read external files allows a program to manage much more data than otherwise possible.

### How did I make this program maintainable, readable, and adaptable?
I built the program to be maintainable by including sufficient comments such that any programmer can understand the purpose of the code. The program is readable thanks to the object-oriented approach I took. This ensured that each object has minimal amount of code, and thus is easier to read. Also, the object-oriented approach allows the program to be adaptable, since each class and most of the functions are its own object, which allows the program to be more modular and adaptable.
